If you want to blame yourself, you can only blame yourself.
If it's safe
Stay in that small village.
Let you enjoy happiness.
But you're brave.
Whatever.
Committed this great crime killed nine tribes.
Even though your sins can't be forgiven
But I still say that.
For saving my life.
I will pray to Your Majesty and the Princess.
The German royal family
Treating such hard-nosed people can be just as tolerant.
It's really our model.
The royal family is generous.
This lady didn't even get down on her knees and hit her head.
Then I have to thank King Security for not killing me.
Van Hieu, this rural woman is ungrateful.
Why are you being honest with her?
She stabbed the court.
Who can keep her?
Your Highness, you don't have to make a princess and a saint angry because of a grassroot.
Counterfeit, what does this mean?
The royal abstain from love, in the old man's opinion.
This woman's sins deserve death and will never be forgiven.
Van Hieu, this cowardly woman killed you without regret.
If you let the Holy Father and the Princess know
It affects your life.
So how do we do that?
Okay, so today I'm asking the elders to testify for me.
No matter what she says today.
Nothing to do with the king.
It's for the best.
Li Huining, aren t you a country girl?
different from the general.
I don't want to humble myself.
Compare with you
But you insulted the whole school today.
No difference
Tearing away the holy thread again
Humiliate the Princess
Ta To Son Ha thanks to the Holy Master and the chief princess love.
Just got today
I will destroy you, this mad man, on your behalf.
What are you doing?
I don't want to argue with you anymore.
Within a wick of incense
You can find people who support you.
After a incense stick
I'm going to show you what real nobility is.
What is expensive cannot be said.